# NetWork - Job Search Management System

The NetWork project is a Job Search Management System that helps Candidates view jobs and apply for jobs, and the recruiter will post jobs and view candidates who have applied for the job. This system has three specific roles i.e., candidate, recruiter, and admin. To develop the system HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, and PHP are used for the web interface. XAMPP web server is used to host applications.

The candidate can view recently added jobs, view job recommendations, and view the candidate's profile. They can search, filter the job based on their preference, and apply for the job. The candidate can also view the status of the application like the interview round and round results in notifications and act. They can also change their profile in settings and the new candidate user can create a new profile.

The recruiter can create a new profile, post a new job, view the posted job, and view the candidate's applicants for the specific job. They can either invite or reject the candidate based on the candidate's profile. If the recruiter sends an invite, the candidate will receive a notification of the job round link, and they will either attempt or decline the job. If the candidate attempts the job round and clicks marked as completed, the recruiter will receive a notification from the candidate that they attempted the interview round. Lastly, if the candidate has met all the conditions, the recruiter will send a job offer or they will receive a rejected offer. The recruiter can also view the profile and change the profile in settings.

The objective of this project is to provide a user-friendly interface for candidates to find jobs and apply for jobs, and for recruiters to post jobs and find the best candidates for the job. The significance of the project is to perform a smooth job search process for the candidates and to find a good recruitment platform for the recruiters.
